CSE332 - INDUSTRY ETHICS AND LEGAL ISSUES
300+ MCQ Questions

Q1. Before 16 Jan, How many states were already working in Startup India policies?

a) 1
b) 3
c) 4
d) 7

Q2. Which of the following is not a part of Funding Innovation?

a) Incubation Center
b) Startup Yatra Funds
c) Research Parks
d) Manak

Q3. For R& D, human resource started a new scheme for students

a) Tinkering labs
b) Manak
c) Avishkar yojana
d) Uchhatar Avishkar yojana

Q4. Startup India Scheme?
1. Age should not be more than 3 years
2. Should develop innovative product.
3. Must be Private Limited Company/ Registered Partnership firm/ Limited Liability Partnership
4. Has patent granted in areas affiliated with the nature of business being promoted

a) 1, 3
6) 1,2 and3
c) 2, 3 and 4
d) All of the above

Q5. The period of business when an entrepreneur must position the venture in a market and make necessary adjustments to assure survival is called the:

a) pre-Startup stage
b) Startup stage
c) any gromh stage
d) later swath stage.

Q6. The government has set aside a corpus fund of managed by equity funding support for development and growth of innovation driven Startups.

a) 10,000 crores
b) 20,000 crores
c) 30,000 crores
d) 40,000 crores

Q7. Is the given statement is true " The profits of recognized Startup’s that are granted an Inter-Certificate are exempted from income-tax for a period of 3 years" ?

a) True
b) False

Q8. Which of the following is successful example of Startup India international partnership?

a) Portugal, Sweden
b) Israel, Nepal
c) Russia, Singapore
d) Portugal, Sweden, Singapore

Q9. Which of the following is not the NIPP partners?

a) UBS
b) PayU
c) Amazon
d) IBM

Q10. How many parameters are used to identify the product based and service-based company?

a) 5
b) 6
c) 7
d) 8

Q11. For Startup India which online link is correct?

a) www.statupindiahub.org.in
b) www.Startupindiahub.org.in
c) www.Startupsindiakub.org,in
d) www.Startupindiahubs.org.in

Q12. What is the full form of SIDBI?

a) Small Industries Development Bank of Indonesia
b) Small Integrated Deterministic Branch of India
c) Small Industries Development Bank of India
d) Secure Industrial Development Bank of India

Q13. Which of state start online platform for self-certify?

a) Telangana
b) J & K
c) Rajasthan
d) Odisha

Q14. To fulfil the Government of India's mission & to promote the
entrepreneurship in the country, Academia Alliance Program has been formed. With whose initiative Academia. Alliance Program has been formed?

a) Niti Ayog
b) Confederation of Indian Industries
c) Startup India
d) Ministry of New & Renewable Energy

Q15. How many new jobs are created by every Startup?

a) 12 jobs per Startup
b) 13 jobs per Startup
c) 14 jobs per Startup
d) 15 jobs per Startup

Q16. Pro's of the NIPP-

a) Branding PR evangelism
b) Warehouse Program
c) Rockstar program
d) Not in above

Q17. what is the benefit of Startup?

a) Rebate on filing of application
b) Fast-tracking of Startup patent applications
c) Panel of facilitators to assist in filing of IP applications
d) All of the above

Q18. Which scheme is started by NITI Aayog for schools across India?

a) Atal Tinkering labs
b) Atal labs
c) Tinkering labs
d) Anil bajwa labs

Q19. Statement: "Product is the king "
Which company satisfy the statement?

a) Product based Companies
b) Software based company
c) Price based companies
d) Service based companies

Q20. Statement 1: Startups can exit their company within 90 or 180 days
Statement 2: Startups can exist their company after completing 4 or more years
which statement is true?

a) Statement I, statement 2 is true
b) Statement I is true, statement 2 is false
c) statement I is false, statement 2 is true
d) Both statement 1, 2 are incorrect

Q21. How many individuals In UP work in Startup Yatra?

a) 6k+
b) 7k+
c) 5k+
d) 7k+

Q22. In Startup turnover is not exceed more then?

a) 25 crores
b) 22 crores
c) 23 crores
d) 24 crores

Q23. The profits of recognised Startups are exempted from income-tax for how
many years?

a) 2 years
b) 3 years
c) 4 years
d) 1 year

Q24. After Television Channel and website, what other initiative has been launched to promote the Cashless Payments?

a) National Helpline
b) Nationwide SMS service
c) Both of the above
d) Neither of the above

Q25. Statement: 6 Labour and 3 Environment laws for a period of 5 years from the date of registration.
This act comes under which law?

a) DIPP
b) Self-certification
c) Source certification
d) Self- clarification

Q26. DIPP is stand for

a) Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion
b) Digital of Industrial Policy and Promotion
c) Department of Initiative Policy and Promotion
d) Department of Industrial Public and Promotion

Q27. Startup India presents to you a list of state government policies who offer benefits to Startups-

a) 15
b) 16
c) 27
d) 17

Q28. Which of the following is Product based Company?

a) Amazon
b) Microsoft
c) Cisco
d) All of above

Q29. Startups are allowed to self-certify their compliance under 6 Labour and 3 Environment laws for a period of how many years from the date of incorporation?

a) 2 years
b) 3 years
c) 5 years
d) 4 years

Q30. Recently the government launched 'Startup India' initiative. Which of the following statement is/are true regarding it?
1. Innovation hub under Atal Innovation Mission will be created
2. Startup will be started in one day.
3. Profits earned by Startups will be exempt from payment of income tax during the first two years of business.
4. Easy exit option will be provided.

a) 2, 3, 4
b) 1, 2, 3
e) 1, 2, 4
d) All of the above

Q31. The plan describes how the product will be distributed and priced

a) Financial
b) Production
c) Marketing
d) Venture

Q32. "software engineers should not use their technical skills to misuse other people's computers." Here the term misuse refers to:

a) unauthorized access to computer material
b) Unauthorized modification of computer material
c) Dissemination of viruses or other malware
d) All of the mentioned

Q33. The plan shows whether the business is economically feasible or not.

a) Financial
b) Business
c) Economic
d) Marketing

Q34. Operations cover many aspects of business, including:

a) Research and development
b) Provide you with a distinct competitive edge
c) Can create a competitive advantage
d) Planning

Q35. Which state does not yet have a Software Technology Park of India?

a) UP
b) Bihar (Established in 2008)
c) Orissa
d) Rajasthan

Q36. The government has set aside a corpus fund of ", managed by SDBI," to provide equity funding support for development and growth of innovation driven enterprises.

a) 10,000 crores
b) 20,000 crores
c) 30,000 crores
d) 40,000 crores

Q37. Term loans are secured with a tenure of years.

a) 1-5 years
b)1-10 years
c)1-20 years
d)1-15 years

Q38. What are ethical theories?

a) Ethical theories are the conduct that should be followed in order to have good ethical practices
b) Ethical theories are the rules and principles that determine right and wrong for any given situation
c) Ethical theories are ancient hypothesis' on how to create good business practice
d) Ethical theories give guidelines on how to achieve a good corporate image

Q39. How many schemes are there under Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojana?

a) 4
b) 6
c) 3
d) 2
Q40. Growth Capital and Equity Assistance provides assistance to whom?

a) Large businesses
b) Existing Small and Medium Businesses
c) Only women Entrepreneurs
d) None of the above

Q41. requires proper review and reconsideration of the selected alternative before implementing it.

a) Developing possible alternatives
b) Selecting the best alternative
c) Checking the decision
d) Exploring the developed alternatives

Q42. Software piracy is:

a) Software counterfeiting.
b) The copying of software for use on more than one machine when the license is for single usage.
c) Downloading pirate versions of software over the Internet.
d) All of above

Q43. Business ethics deals primarily with

a) social responsibility
b) The pricing of products and services
c) Moral obligation
d) Being unfair to the competition

Q44. What is the problem definition related to:

a) How often does the problem occur?
b) What is the impact of the problem?
c) Only A
d) Both A and B

Q45. Decisions and policies that use the approach to "decision making attempt to implement social systems, institutions, and environments that everyone depends on and that benefit all people."

a) Utilitarian
b) Common good
c) Fairness
d) Virtue Ethics

Q46. The Company Description must convey many aspects of your business, but not:

a) Company name
b) Products and services
c) Feasibility analysis
d) Location

Q47. Term Loan has an interest rate between?

a) 10% and 20%."
b) 10% and 30%.
c) 10% and 40%.
d) 10% and 15%.

Q48. Which of the following is an internal factor that influences entrepreneurs?

a) Technological Capacity
b) Social environment
c) Political environment
d) Economic condition

Q49. The concept of a Director Identification Number (DIN) has been introduced for the first time with the insertion of Sections of "Companies (Amendment) Act, 2006.

a) 296A to 296G
b) 266A to 266G
c) 276A to 276G
d) 286A to 286G

Q50. Which of the following is usually included in a business plan?

a) Detailed description of the product or service.
b) Surveys.
c) Raw materials
d) Location

Q51. Define Moral Relativism

a) Values determined by the society
b) Values Determined by the family.
c) Values determined by the any organization
d) None of these

Q52. A written statement of policies and principles that guides the behaviour of all employees is called

a) code of ethics
b) word of ethics
c) ethical dilemma
d) None of the above

Q53. What is the full form of NIPP?

a) NASSCOM Industry Partnership Program
b) National Infrastructure Protection Plan
c) NASSCOM industry Potential Plan
d) National Integrated Power Project

Q54. All definitions of Corporate Social Responsibility recognize that:

a) companies have a responsibility for their impact on society and environment.
b) the natural environment should be the main focus of CSR activities.
c) business ethics is a complex issue.
d) companies must pay equal attention to business ethics and sustainability

Q55. What are the benefits of Startup?

a) Rebate on filing of application
b) fast-tracking of Startup patent applications
c) Panel of facilitators to assist in filing of applications
d) All of the above

Q56. A company is said to have been registered
when?

a) Its files Memorandum of association and Articles of Association.
b) It gets incorporation certificate with the Registrar of Companies.
c) It gets certificate for commencement of business.
d) It actually starts its business.

Q57. The profits of recognized Startups are exempted from income-tax for a
period of how many years?

a) 2 years
b) 3 years
c) 4 years
d) 1 year

Q58. A private company means a company which has a minimum paid up capital of Rs.

a) 1,00,000"
b) 5,00,000"
c) 50,00,000"
d) None of the above

Q59. Property of the company belongs to

a) Company
b) Share holders
c) Members
d) Promoters

Q60. Entrepreneurship can best be described as:

a) Process that requires setting up a business
b) Taking a significant risk in a business context
c) Having a strong vision
d) A process involving innovation, new products or services, and value creation

Q61. An entrepreneur doing business worldwide is called:

a) International entrepreneurship
b) Intrapreneurship
c) Domestic entrepreneurship
d) Imports

Q62. Moral values varies from

a) Culture to culture
b) People to people
c)State to state
d) All the above

Q63. Marketing:

a) Makes customers aware of you
b) Solicits the sales and completes the orders
c) Not Delivers your company's message
d) Inventory management

Q64. If someone starts a new business that is a service station, this is an example of an:

a) new concept/new business
b) new concept/existing business
c) existing concept/new business
d) existing concept/existing business

Q65. A complication of "the approach to decision making is that measuring and comparing the values of certain benefits and costs is often difficult, if not impossible.

a) Fairness
b) Virtue ethics
c) Common good
d) Utilitarian

Q66. What are the benefits of NASSCOM?

a) Access to strategic investments and grants
b) Faster access co global markets and JV/OEM/partnership options
c) Direct fast access to senior executives
d) All of the above

Q67. Which statement is/are true?

a) Ethics is not synonymous to religious morality or moral theology
b) Ethics is the principle that guide the human behaviour
c) The terms 'ethics' and 'morality' are not synonymous terms
d) All of the above

Q68. TARUN stage of MUDRA loan scheme provides maximum amount of?

a) RS 20 lakhs
b) RS 50 lakhs
c) RS 10 lakhs
d) RS 40 lakhs

Q69. What is the maximum loan limit under "Kishor" Scheme of PM Mudra Yojana?

a) "2,00,000"
b) "1,00,000"
c) "3,00.000"
d) "5,00,000"

Q70. The parties involved in franchise business are

a) 1
b) 2
c) 3
d) 5
Q71. Which of the following is a purpose of a business plan?

a) To make financial plan
b) To discipline the entrepreneur
c) To think of all aspects of the proposed venture
d) To research the facts

Q72. Ethics must guide technology in the direction of

a) Political justice
b) Cultural justice
c) Social justice
d) None of the Above

Q73 Which trade group represents the world's largest software and hardware manufacturers

a) Business Software Association (BSA)
b) Business Software Alliance (BSA)
c) International Business Software (IBS)
d) International software alliance (ISA)

Q74. What are computer ethics?

a) An honest, moral code that should be followed when on the computer
b) A computer program about honesty
c) A computer that fits on or under a desk
d) A list of commandments in the Bible

Q75. If you Want to use one program on thirty different computers. you should

a) Purchase a site license or buy enough copies for every computer
b) Buy two copies, in case one becomes damaged, and load it on all the computers"
c) Buy one copy and put it on all the computers
d) Borrow it from another school, copy it, and send It back promptly

Q76. From below which one is the not a type of an approach to deal with ethical issue

a) Fairness approach
b) Common goal approach
c) Virtue ethics approach
d) Utilitarian approach

Q77. Full form of the CSR?

a) Corporate social responsibility
b) Corporate sequence responsibility
c) Collection of responsibility
d) None of these

Q78. What are the types of intellectual properties?

a) Patent
b) Trademark
c) All of the above
d) None of these

Q79. Which of the following is a profession where advance training and experience is not required?

a) Doctors
b) Accountants
c) Film stars
d) Lawyers

Q80. A philanthropist is someone who

a) Buys products which have a positive impact on society
b) Boycotts products which have a negative impact on society
c) Both (a) and (b)
d) recognizes the social impact of business on society
Q81. Computer crime includes: a) Creating viruses.
b) Stealing a credit card number.
c) Unauthorized use of a mainframe computer.
d) All of the above.

Q81. What is the first stage in decision making?

a) Observe
b) Act
c) Orient
d) Decide

Q82. Ankita is an ethically centred production manager so she will ship a product

a) Only after all its problems have been eliminated
b) Only if the shipping people use packing material that does not harm the environment
c) Only after an ethics committee has approved It
d) As quickly as she can to meet the customer's schedule

Q83. Trade secret refers to?

a) Secret information unknown to public
b) Information which is known to everyone
c) Information which is easily available
d) None of these

Q84. The reason for software bugs and failures is due to

a) Software companies
b) Software Developers
c) Both Software companies and Developers
d) All of the mentioned

Q85. The right to control your own personal information is the right of:

a) Access
b) Security
c) Privacy
d) None of the above

Q86. Pirating software is an act of violating

a) Equity
b) Ethics
c) Law
d) None of the these

Q87. What is the second stage in decision making?

a) observe
b) act
c) orient
d) decide
Q88. A women entrepreneur is supposed to have a minimum financial interest in share capital of entrepreneur’s enterprise:

(a) 35 per cent
(b) 51 per cent
(c) 25 per cent
(d) None of the above

Q89. Intellectual properties are:

a) Tangible properties
b) Intangible properties
c) Both
d) None of these
Q90. All of the answers below are advantages to buying your own software EXCEPT

a) Having instruction manuals or documentation.
b) Getting expert help from the software company.
c) Giving free copies to your friends.
d) Having the personal satisfaction of doing what Is ethical and legal

Q91. implies that women entrepreneurs are now economically independent and take decisions independently.

a) Better utilization of resources
b) Improved quality life
c) Economic development
d) Employment generation

Q92. A problem statement must be:

a) Clear and concise description of the issue
b) Infeasible to everyone
c) Lengthy
d) All of the above

Q93. Which is an example of plagiarism?

a) Reading a paragraph online and retyping It in your own words
b) Copying and pasting someone else's work into your paper using quotation marks and citing the author
c) Typing a paper in your own words
d) Copying and pasting a sentence from the Internet into your paper

Q94. What are the common ethical issues for IT users?

a) Software piracy
b) Proper utilization of computing resources
c) No sharing of information
d) All of the above

Q95. From a legal perspective, IT workers are not recognized as professionals because they are not by the state government

a) Licensed
b) Sponsored
c) Associated
d) Graded

Q96. Supposing you are a journalist, is it ethical 10 use a tape record your Interview process without the consent of the person concerned?

a) Yes
b) No
c) Do not know
d)None of these

Q97. Company incorporation form is required to be filed within as the name is reserved only for this time period

a) 60 days
b) 50 days
c) 40 days
d) 30 days

Q98. An individual can borrow up to lakh in term loans or working capital loans as per your eligibility and feasibility

a) RS 100 lakh
b) RS 350 lakh
c) RS 400 lakh
d) RS 500 lakh

Q99. Government has mandated minimum credit flow of for Shishu Category

a) 50%
b) 70%
c) 60%
d) 30%

Q100. Working Capital Loan has an interest rate of

a) 12% to 14%
b) 12% to 25%
c) 12% to 16%
d) 12% to 23%

Q101. SISHU stage of MUDRA loan scheme provides maximum amount of?

a) RS 10 Thousand
b) RS 20 Thousand
c) RS 30 Thousand
d) RS 50 Thousand

Q102. A criminal activity within the information technology infrastructure.

a) Digital crime
b) Intellectual property
c) Cyber-crime
d) All of them

Q103. Law is the system of rules of conduct established by the government of a society to maintain

a) Justice
b) Consistency
c) None of these
d) Both A & B

Q104. ln which year Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojana was launched?

a) 2015
b) 2016
c) 2014
d) 2013

Q105. Minimum how many numbers of directors required in Public company

a) 9
b) 8
c) 3
d) 10

Q106. Which of the following is not considered while selecting the region?

a) Law and order
b) Price of land
c) Availability of raw materials
d) Proximity to the product market

Q107. A genetic term that is concerned to the legal and regulatory aspects of Internet and computer technology.

a) Copyright law
b) Cyber law
c) Computer Crime
d) None of them

Q108. Entrepreneurship can best be described as:

a) A process that requires setting up a business
b) Taking a significant risk in a business context
c) Having a strong vision
d) A process involving innovation, new products or services, and value creation

Q109. The legal risks of ethical hacking include lawsuits due to of personal data.

a) Stealing
b) Disclosure
c) Deleting
d) Hacking

Q110. An Appendix is the proper place to:

a) Provide information that that supports, confirms, and reinforces conclusions reached in the plan
b) Give greater details about particular aspects covered in the plan
c) Include very specific details regarding "market research, technology, location, etc
d) All of the above

Q111. What type of cyber-crime, its laws and punishments do section 66 of the lndian IT Act holds?

a) Cracking or illegally hack into any system
b) Putting antivirus into the victim
c) Stealing data
d) Stealing hardware components

Q112. Explain what is meant by PRODUCT with reference to one of the eight principles as per the ACM/IEEE Code of Ethics?

a) The product should be easy to use
b) Software engineers shall ensure that their products and related modifications meet the highest professional standards possible
c) Software engineers shall ensure that their products and related modifications satisfy the client
d) It means that the product designed/created should be easily available

Q113. Cyber-crime can be categorized into types.

a) 4
b) 3
c) 2
d) 6

Q114. Why should an entrepreneur do a feasibility study?

a) To see where are possible barriers to success
b) To identify possible sources of funds
c) To estimate the expected sales
d) To explore potential customers

Q115. Identify the correct statement: software engineers shall

a) Act in a manner that is in the best interests of his expertise and favour.
b) Act consistently with the public interest.
c) Ensure that their products only meet the SRS.
d) All of the mentioned

Q116. Identify an ethical dilemma from the situations mentioned below:

a) Your employer releases a safety critical system without finishing the testing of the system
b) Refusing to undertake a project
c) Agreement in principle with the policies of senior management
d) All of the mentioned

Q117. The period of business when an entrepreneur must position the venture in a market and make necessary adjustments to assure survival is called the:

a) Pre-Startup stage.
b) Startup stage.
c) Early growth stage.
d) Later growth stage.

Q118. Some investors may ask to see which two parts of the business plan first?

a) Synopsis Summary and Narrative Summary
b) Executive Summary and Management & Organization
c) Executive Summary and Financials
d) Executive Summary and Appendix

Q119. Setting marketing goals and objectives the entrepreneur must

a) Set the price
b) Distribution place
c) Must satisfy customers
d) None of the above

Q120. The Executive Summary must show many that:

a) Your basic business concept makes sense
b) The management is capable
c) Your business incorporates competitive advantages
d) All of the above

Q121. What are the primary reasons that Startups need funding?

a) Cash flow challenges, capital investments, and lengthy product development cycles
b) Business research, cash flow challenges, and costs associated with building a brand
c) Bonuses for members of the new venture team, legal fees and lengthy product development cycles
d) Attorney fees, capital investments, and marketing research

Q122. What is software piracy?

a) Software is being copied by anyone
b) Software is being used by anyone
c) Software is being shared by one to another person
d) All the above

Q123. If you believe in making decisions for the good of most people, you can be described as following which school of thought?

a) Utilitarianism
b) Teleology
c) Deontology
d) Egoism

Q124. Decisions and policies that use the approach to decision making attempt to implement social systems, institutions. And environments that everyone depends on and that benefit all people."

a) Utilitarian
b) Common good
c) Fairness
d) Virtue Ethics

Q125. What are the responsibilities or CEO in an organization?

a) Responsibility for compliance
b) Responsibility for creating and maintaining the ethics culture
c) Responsibility for being a key knowledge and contact person on an issue
d) All the above

Q126. How to identity different alternatives for a problem?

a) By seeking advice from CEO
b) By brainstorming
c) By seeking advice from team leader
d) None of the above

Q127. What is the third stage in decision making?

a) Observe
b) Act
c) Orient
d) Decide

Q128. Which statement is/are true?

a) Ethics is not synonymous to religious morality or moral theology
b) Ethics is the principle that guide the human behaviour
c) The terms 'ethics' and 'morality' are not synonymous terms
d) All of the above

Q129. Full form of NCEES?

a) National Certified Examiners for Engineering and Searching.
b) National Certified Examiners for Engineering and Surveying
c) National Certification of Expertise in Engineering and Surveying
d) National Council of Examiners for Engineering and Surveying

Q130. Publishing false information In Internet is an issue of

a) Computer ethics
b) Morality
c) Computer equity
d) Digital divide

Q131. Decision making process include which steps: -

a) Orient
b) Act
c) Both A and B
d) None

Q132. The software manufacturers can criminally prosecute violators and fine them up to

a) $150.00
b) $250,000
C) $150,000
d) $250,00

Q133. Full form of FTC?

a) Federal Trade Certification
b) Federal Trade Corporation
c) rare Trade Commission
d) Federal Trade Commission

Q134. Business ethics deals primarily with

a) Social responsibility
b) The pricing of products and services
c) Moral obligation
d) Being unfair to the competition

Q135. Why did Google agree to pay $22.5 million to end an ITC Investigation?

a) It was the smallest amount In the history of FTC
b) Because google had not utilized cookies
c) To avoid Unfavourable Publicity
d) It was the largest amount in the history of ITC

Q136. Ethical criteria in employee appraisals not includes?

a) Performance
b) Completion of projects
c) No self-improvement
d) Maintenance of good customer relation

Q138. Ethics is the set of belief about

a) Right and wrong behaviour of people
b) Set of rules
c) Principals of any organization
d) None of these

Q139. How can we improve business ethics?

a) By making Stringent laws
b) By appointing a Corporate Ethics Officer
c) By conducting ethical workshops
d) By putting employees under surveillance

Q140. Which company shares can be freely transferable?

a) Private Company
b) Public Company
c) Both (a) & (b)
d) None or the above

Q141. What is the not a mission of BSA?

a) To stop the unauthorized copying of software
b) To provide the software on cheaper rates.
c) Both a and b
d) None of these

Q142. The step in the decision­ making process during which the decision makers consider laws, guidelines. policies, and principles that might apply to the decision is the step.

a) Develop problem statement
b) Implement decision
c) Identify alternatives
d) Evaluate and choose alternative

Q143. On what basis the appraisal of employees is done?

a) performance
b) Successful completion of projects and Initiatives
c) Maintenance of good customer relation
d) All of the above

Q144. What is the ethics behind training how to hack a system?

a) To think like hackers and know how to defend such attacks
b) To hack a system without the permission
c) To hack a network that is vulnerable
d) To corrupt software or service using malware

Q146. "Company has latest computers and state-of the­ art software tools, so we shouldn't worry about the quality of the product."

a) True
b) False

Q147. One effective way to begin the marketing plan is

a) To make a list of the information that will be needed to prepare the marketing plan.
b) Gathering Data from Secondary Sources
c) Gathering Information from Primary Sources.
d) None of the options given

Q148. is the technique used in business organizations and firms to
protect IT assets.

a) Ethical hacking
b) Unethical hacking
c) Fixing bugs
d) Internal data-breach

Q149. Which of the following is not a type of cyber-crime?

a) Data theft
b) Forgery
c) Damage to data and systems
d) Installing antivirus for protection

Q150. The business plan should be prepared by:

a) Entrepreneurs
b) Consultants
c) Engineers
d) All of above options

Q151. Ethical issues In entertainment media would not include which of the following?

a) Actors portraying characters in stereotypical roles in TV shows or movies.
b) Gratuitous depictions of sex or violence in TV shows or movies.
c) Product placements in children's programs on TV.
d) All of the above.

Q152. Performing a shoulder surfing in order to check other's password Is ethical practice.

a) A good
b) Not so good
c) Very good social engineering practice
d) A bad

Q153. The single most important part of your business plan is:

a) The Financials
b) The Executive Summary
c) Management & Organization
d) Operations

Q154. Your Statement of Mission can describe your company in terms of:

a) Commitment to quality
b) Service and customer relationship
c) Price positioning, Management style and work environment
d) All of the above

Q155. Which type of business plan is intended as the blueprint of a company's activities and is directed to an internal audience?

a) Operational
b) Full
c) Summary
d) Tactical

Q156. It is estimated that approximately percent of small businesses fail within the first five years.

a) 10
b) 25
c) 50
d) 75

Q157. Use the staffing budget to:

a) Plan how many employees you'll need
b) Plan when you'll need employees
c) All of the above
d) None of these

Q158. Which of the following ethical precepts can be used In media?

a) The Golden Rule: Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
b) The Golden Mean: Finding a middle way is better than an extreme.
c) The categorical imperative: Rules or laws should only be used that would apply to everyone at all times.
d) All of the above can be used.

Q159. has now evolved to be one of the most popular automated tools for unethical hacking.

a) Automated apps
b) Database software
c) Malware
d) Worms

Q160. helps to classify arguments and situations, better understand a cyber­ crime and helps to determine appropriate actions.

a) Cyber-ethics
b) Social ethics
c) Cyber-bullying
d) Corporate behaviour

Q161. "As per an IBM report, 31%of the project get cancelled before they are completed, 53% overrun their cost estimates by an average of 189% and for every 100 projects, there are 94 restarts”. What Is the reason for these statistics ?

a) Lack of adequate training in software engineering
b) Lack of software ethics and understanding
c) Management issues in the company
d) All of the mentioned

Q162. The financial plan provides a complete picture of

a) How much and when the funds are coming into the organization.
b) Where the funds are going.
c) How much cash is available?
d) All of the options given

Q163. A Break-Even Analysis shows:

a) Where money comes from and how it's spent
b) Point at which sales exceed costs
c) Initial investment needed to begin operations
d) How you determined the figures used in the financials

Q164. In which year India's IT Act came into existence?

a) 2000
b) 2001
c) 2002
d) 2003

Q166. Select the incorrect statement: Software engineers should

a) Not knowingly accept work that is outside their competence.
b) Not use their technical skills to misuse other people's computers.
c) Be dependent on their colleagues.
d) Maintain integrity and independence in their professional judgment.

Q167. The plan should contain control points to ascertain progress.

a) Business
b) Marketing
c) Financial
d) Operational

Q168. SM is: -

a) State mark
b) Service market
c) State market
d) Service mark

Q169. Any modification in shape, pattern, configuration

a) Patent
b) Design
c) TM
d) SM

Q170. WIPO have member states as:

a) 183
b) 184
c) 186
d) 185

Q171. Litigation is

a) "If the objective is to obtain royalty for the use of one's invention"
b) "If the objective is to stop a competitor from offering a product that infringes one's patent"

Q172. For a license to republish a Literary, Dramatic, Musical or Artistic work (Sections 31, 3 A, 31B* and 32A)

a) 7,000/- per work
b) 5,000/- per work
c) 5,0000/- per work
d) 6,000/- per work

Q173. CA is an example of: -

a) Product
b) Pattern
c) Collective

Q174. nan idea/invention is IP, a patent registration is an

a) IPR
b) Policy
c) Rules

Q175. Darjeeling tea, Kanchipuram sarees & Kolhapuri chappals

a) Patent
b) TM
c) Geographical indications
d) Design

Q176. An intellectual property right granted by a government to the author of an original literary, dramatic, musical, artistic, or other eligible creative work to an author, composer etc. (or his assignee) to print, publish and sell copies of his original work

a) patent
b) Trade mark
c) policy
d) Copyrights

Q177. WIPO is

a) World Internet property organisation
b) World income property organisation
c) World intellectual property organisation
d) World Internet patent organisation

Q178. Copyright Registration - Mandatory

a) Certificate of registration -Prima facie evidence in dispute relating to ownership
b) owner declaration
c) member investor
d) owner salary

Q179. Literary, Dramatic, Musical or Artistic work fee is:

a) 2500 per work
b) 500 per work
c) 22500 per work
d) 5000 per work

Q180. Copyright Subject Matter

a) Fixed
b) Original
c) Work of authorship
d) all above

Q181. copyrights are done for

a) reporting current events
b) criticism or review
c) purpose of research or private study
d) All above

Q182. An entrepreneur into the hosiery business found out the reason his hosiery was not selling was due to its color. What could be the best source of this information?

a) Supplier
b) Retailer
c) Competition
d) Government

Q183. In some countries, points of purchase displays are not allowed in retail stores. Such differences are studied by international entrepreneurs under environment.

a) Economic
b) Political
c) Cultural
d) Technological

Q184. Having more than 50% ownership position that provides the entrepreneur with managerial control is called

a) Joint venture
b) Majority interest
c) Horizontal merger
d) Diversified activity merge

Q185. The development of a new venture based on an inventor's work often requires

a) Expertise of an entrepreneur
b) Heavy investment from financers
c) Skilled human resources
d) Highly educated staff

Q186. A business where an individual is both the owner and conductor of the business affairs is called

a) Sole Proprietorship
b) Partnership
c) Corporation
d) None of the above

Q187. In , the entrepreneur has the right to sell any assets.

a) Proprietorship
b) Partnership
c) Limited Liability Company
d) None of the given options

Q188. The idea and actions that explain how a firm will make its profits refers to

a) Mission
b) Goal
c) Strategy
d) Objective

Q189. Entrepreneurs are best as

a) Managers
b) Venture capitalists
c) Planners
d) Doers

Q190. Entrepreneurs and ventures capitalists:

a) Get along well
b) Are the best friends
c) Are cordial friends
d) Are in conflict

Q191. is one method of stimulating, and then capitalizing on, individuals in an organization who think that something can be done differently and better.

a) Strategic Orientation
b) Capitalization
c) Entrepreneurship
d) Management

Q192. In which of the following, the ownership of venture is reflected by ownership of shares of stock?

a) Partnership
b) Limited partnership
c) Corporation
d) Proprietorship

Q193. Entrepreneurship can best be described as:

a) a process that requires setting up a business
b) taking a significant risk in a business context
c) having a strong vision
d) a process involving innovation, new products or services, and value creation

Q194. The small business ‘owner-manager’ is always the founder of the business:

a) True
b) False (A management buyout is an example of a business where the owner-manager would probably not have been the founder)

Q195. Which of these statements best describes the context for entrepreneurship:

a) Entrepreneurship takes place in small businesses
b) Entrepreneurship does not take place in social enterprises
c) Entrepreneurship takes place in a wide variety of contexts
d) Entrepreneurship takes place in large businesses

Q196. Which of the following are described as one of the ‘Big Five’ personality traits?

a) propensity to leadership
b) need for achievement
c) extrovert personality
d) tolerance of others

Q197. The period of business when an entrepreneur must position the venture in a market and make necessary adjustments to assure survival is called the:

a) pre-startup stage.
b) startup stage.
c) early growth stage.
d) later growth stage.

Q198. Which of the following is a reason why a person might prefer to purchase a franchise rather than open a completely new business?

a) higher failure rate.
b) increased independence.
c) ability to benefit from previous experience.
d) reduced royalty fees.

Q199. MSMED stands to

a) Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises Development
b) Mini, Small & Medium Enterprises Development
c) Micro, Small & Medium Entrepreneurship Development
d) Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises Department

Q200. can be defined as psychological features that enable an individual to take action toward a desired goal?

a) Motive
b) Trait
c) Attitude
d) Ego

Q201. requires proper review and reconsideration of the selected alternative before implementing it.

a) Developing possible alternatives
b) Selecting the best alternative
c) Checking the decision
d) Exploring the developed alternatives

Q202. Which one of the following is an economic barrier to an entrepreneur?

a) Emotional blocks
b) Labour
c) Lack of sustained motivation
d) lack of vision

Q203. SOX Section 404 stands for ?

a) Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
b) Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2003
c) Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2004
d) Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2005

Q204. BSA stands for ?

a) Business Software Alliance
b) Business Software Association
c) Business Software Agency
d) Business Software Agency

Q205. COMPANY ACT started in ?

a) 1956, 2013, 2017
b) 1956, 2013, 2016
c) 1956, 2013, 2015
d) 1956, 2013, 2014

Q206. The Companies Act, 2013 is applicable to

a) Private Limited Company
b) Public Limited Company
c) Both Private and Public Limited Company
d) None of the above

Q207. The company amendment bill introduced on?

a) March 16, 2016
b) March 16, 2015
c) March 16, 2014
d) March 16, 2013

Q208. The company amendment bill pass in lok sabha on?

a) July 20, 2016
b) July 20, 2015
c) July 20, 2014
d) July 27, 2017

Q209. The company amendment bill pass in rajya sabha on?

a) July 20, 2016
b) December 19, 2017
c) December 19, 2016
d) December 19, 2015

Q210. NASSCOM stands for ?

a) National Association of Software and Services Companies

Q211. NASSCOM established in ?

a) 1988
b) 1989
c) 1990
d) 1991

Q212. NASSCOM headquarter in ?

a) New Delhi
b) Mumbai
c) Bangalore
d) Chennai

Q213. NASSCOM regionals office in ?

a) Bangalore
b) Chennai
c) Hyderabad
d) Pune

Q214. STPI stands for ?

a) Software Technology Parks of India
b) Software Technology Park of India
c) Software Technology Park India
d) Software Technology Parks India

Q215. STPI established in ?

a) 1991
b) 1992
c) 1993
d) 1994

Q216. STPI also adhere to ?

a)  ISO 9001
b)  ISO 9002
c)  ISO 9003
d)  ISO 9004

Q217. Software Technology Parks of India was established and registered as an Autonomous Society under the?

a) Societies Registration Act, 1860
b) Societies Registration Act, 1861
c) Societies Registration Act, 1862
d) Societies Registration Act, 1863

Q218. STPI under the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY), Government of India on?

a) 5th April 1991
b) 5th June 1991
c) 5th July 1991
d) 5th August 1991

Q219. STPI established centers Bhubaneswar, Bangalore, Pune year?

a) 1990
b) 1992
c) 1993
d) 1994

Q220. STPI established centers Hyderabad, Gandhinagar, Noida, Thiruvananthapuram year?

a) 1990
b) 1991
c) 1992
d) 1993

Q221. STPI established centers Chennai year?

a) 1990
b) 1991
c) 1995
d) 1993

Q222. STPI established centers Mohali, Jaipur, Navimumbai year?

a) 1998
b) 1991
c) 1992
d) 1993

Q223. 'Client is King' is a principle of ?

a) Product Based Company
b) Service Based Company
c) Both Product and Service Based Company
d) None of the above

Q224. Service Based Company are ?

a) TCS, Infosys, Wipro
b) Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal
c) Both TCS, Infosys, Wipro and Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal
d) None of the above

Q225. Product Based Company are ?

a) TCS, Infosys, Wipro
b) Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal
c) Both TCS, Infosys, Wipro and Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal
d) None of the above

Q226. 'Quality is King' is a principle of ?

a) Product Based Company
b) Service Based Company
c) Both Product and Service Based Company
d) None of the above