If R1=5Ω, R2=5Ω and R3=5Ω resistors are connected in star form then its equivalent delta circuit resistors values will be


10Ω, 10Ω, 10Ω


15Ω, 15Ω, 15Ω


20Ω, 20Ω, 20Ω


25Ω, 25Ω, 25Ω


If R1=12Ω, R2=12Ω and R3=12Ω resistors are connected in delta form then its equivalent star circuit resistors values will be


1Ω, 1Ω, 1Ω


2Ω, 2Ω, 2Ω


4Ω, 4Ω, 4Ω


12Ω, 12Ω, 12Ω


Slip of a induction motor will be zero,




 At start


When machine is rotating at its maximum speed


When it is rotating at half of the maximum speed


Can not be zero



Which of the following statement is TRUE?




The direction of force in a DC motor can be determined by Fleming's right hand rule.


The direction of force in a DC motor can be determined by right hand thumb rule.


The direction of force in a DC motor can be determined by Faraday's law of electromagnetism.


The direction of force in a DC motor can be determined by Fleming's left hand rule.'



A family of logic gates that operates under the static discipline with the following voltage thresholds:

VIL = 1 V, VOL = 0.5 V, VIH = 3.5 V, and VOH = 4.3 V.

Determine the noise margins for logic 0.


0.1 V


0.5 V


1 V

1.5 V


A bipolar junction transistor operates with a collector current of 1.5 A and a base current of 50 mA. What will the value of emitter current?


1.25 A


1.55 A


1.75 A


2 A


When positive terminal of a battery is connected to an N side of PN junction diode and negative terminal of battery is connected to P side of PN junction diode then


Holes and electrons tend to concentrate towards the junction


Holes and electrons tend to move away from the junction


depletion layer width decreases


None of these


Which of the following is TRUE for n channel enhancement type MOSFET?




For the n-channel enhancement MOSFET, a drain current will only flow when a gate voltage ( VGS ) is applied to the gate terminal less than the threshold voltage ( VTH )


For the n-channel enhancement MOSFET, a drain current will only flow when a gate voltage ( VGS ) is applied to the gate terminal greater than the threshold voltage ( VTH )


For the n-channel enhancement MOSFET, a drain current will only flow when a gate voltage ( VGS ) is equal to zero


None of these


Which of the following term is equivalent of the Boolean function A.(A + B)


A


B


A.B


A+B


Which of the following statement is TRUE for Logic Gate?




Fan-in defines the minimum number of digital inputs that a single logic gate can accept


Fan-in defines the maximum number of digital inputs that a single logic gate can accept


Fan-in defines the number of digital inputs are only two that a single logic gate can accept


None of these



Which of the following statement is TRUE for a low pass filter.


A low-pass filter passes signals with a frequency lower than a selected cutoff frequency and attenuates signals with frequencies higher than the cutoff frequency


A low-pass filter attenuates signals with a frequency lower than a selected cutoff frequency and passes signals with frequencies higher than the cutoff frequency


A low pass filter is allows frequencies within a specific frequency range and rejects (attenuates) frequencies outside that range.


A low pass filter is reject frequencies within a specific frequency range and allows frequencies outside that range.



Which of the following statement is TRUE for a high pass filter.﻿


A high pass filter passes signals with a frequency lower than a selected cutoff frequency and attenuates signals with frequencies higher than the cutoff frequency


A high pass filter passes signals with a frequency higher than a selected cutoff frequency and attenuates signals with frequencies lower than the cutoff frequency


A high pass filter is allows frequencies within a specific frequency range and rejects (attenuates) frequencies outside that range.


A high pass filter is reject frequencies within a specific frequency range and allows frequencies outside that range.



The input and output impedance of an ideal operational amplifier are respectively (in ohm)


zero and infinite


infinite and zero


zero and zero


infinite and infinite


Find the cut off frequency for an RC high pass filter of R= 200 kΩ and C= 0.01 μF?


79.57 Hz


169.15 Hz


239 Hz


245.35 Hz


For OP AMP based integrator, which of the following component used for feedback connection?


capacitor


inductor


diode


MOSFET


Find the cut off frequency for an RC low pass filter of R= 10 kΩ and C= 0.1 μF?


99.25 Hz


159.15 Hz


219 Hz


239.35 Hz



In which operating system large memory is required?


Real time operating system


General purpose operating system


Both real time and general purpose operating system


None of these



Which of the following statement is true for FPGA?


FPGA stands for First Programmable Gate Arrays


FPGAs can not be reprogrammed to implement different logic functions


FPGAs can be reprogrammed to implement different logic functions


FPGA can not be configured to function as a processor


Which of the following statement is TRUE?


ASIC stands for application sensitive internet connection 


ASIC stands for application sensitive integrated circuit 


ASIC stands for application specific internet connection 


ASIC stands for application specific integrated circuit



Which of the following is true for an embedded system?


Embedded system consist only operating system.


An embedded system is one that has computer hardware without software embedded in it as one of its components


An embedded system is one that has computer hardware with software embedded in it as one of its components


None of these



Which of the following statement is true for Application Specific Integrated Circuit?


Application Specific Integrated Circuit is a chip that is custom designed to perform multiple application.


Application Specific Integrated Circuit is a chip that is custom designed for a specific application.


Application Specific Integrated Circuit can be reprogrammed to implement different logic functions


None of these


Microprocessor consume ........ power compare to micro controller.


less


equal


high


none of the above



Which of the following statement is true?


RTOS and GPOS is used for time critical system


RTOS and GPOS are used for systems/applications that are not time critical


A RTOS is used for systems/applications that are not time critical whereas a GPOS is used for time critical systems.


A GPOS is used for systems/applications that are not time critical whereas an RTOS is used for time critical systems.


In cloud computing, the Public Cloud allows..............


systems and services to be accessible within an organization


systems and services to be accessible by group of organizations


systems and services to be easily accessible to the general public and group of organizations.


systems and services to be easily accessible to the general public


Which of the following statement is true for a micro controller?


Micro Controller has only a internal RAM


Micro Controller consists of only a Central Processing Unit


Micro Controller has a processor along with external memory and I/O components.


Micro Controller has a processor along with internal memory and I/O components.


